we have had absolutely loads of requests
for some vegan recipes to have you're
vegan or not trust us you're going to
love this one
the obviously vegan food is all about
cooking with ingredients that don't come
from animals so it's not just meat
well animal products as well and today
we're going to do falafel balls okay so
that's based around chickpeas okay and
then we're adding to it onion line fresh
herbs spices loads of flavors Wow and
we'll say with a couple of dips and some
toasted pizza cool they'll always
themself can't wait now we need to blend
lot ingredients up if you haven't got a
blender you can just mash them all up
before but to be honest with you we're
gonna table that hassle chickpeas go in
there and to that if you can add some of
our herbs so coriander and parsley and
then if you can crush the clove of
garlic me more I'm gonna chop up an
onion the beauty about all the
ingredients is that not only the fridge
okay so it's the kind of thing that
comes great festival food as well please
then you can mash up at a bar with
middle field you can be longer barmy
yeah absolutely you might still need to
put a pan on there first for they're
quite delicate right but a pan on the
barbie were just the same because we're
blending out it doesn't have to be too
fine so if you can throw those in there
as well bears yeah see my auntie's are
being and shooting often from one these
recipes for ages now she's been going on
a long day about it well there we go
hopefully this will please your auntie
so we need a couple of spices to go in
here as well to let some chilli powder
and you're not a teaspoon of that give
the cake and of course you can add as
much as little as you want but add some
place it you can set more later on a
little bit of ground cumin goes in there
and then sort of zing comes from a line
so if you can give it a good roll that
means softens off which means you get a
lot more juice out of it and then we
just cut it in half and squeeze as much
of that into there as possible
uh-huh now our chickpeas are quite dry
but we are adding that lime juice and a
little bit of sesame oil and our sesame
as a flavor you associated publicist
like a tahini paste and a little glug of
that like so but because we've got those
two liquids we are going to compensate
with a bit of flour so that 2
tablespoons of plain flour goes into our
milk as one for the dry out edge - yeah
it makes it easier to
all you need to do now bears is put a
lid on and blend away take off give a
quick season and if salt and pepper
War Eagle Eye chili powder in there but
season the Olson after me tasty yet
well because it's all raw we cabbage
give it a quick taste the agency it's
chilly one no all right yeah actually
fresh herbs really live as well it's
nice
job done and now we need to mold it now
for laughing can we maybe do any shapes
patties or sausage shapes don't really
get the balls
so gold full size pieces and can take
them out squeeze it you will get some
sort of moisture come out of that get a
good squeeze and then what's left just
kind of roll into a ball try mating all
the same size but as ever size doesn't
matter
yours are bigger than mine no comment
it's much easy with clean wet hands
actually do damp your hands before
sometimes it's easier so there we go
that's throwing up all pretty much the
roll so quick print your hands hot soapy
water and now we can start to cook them
now you can bake these or just have
formed a barbecue woodwork look we're
going to fry them so a little bit of oil
in the pan and then we just pop a balls
into the pan and then you get a nice
sizzle and if you can pack them enough
they should all hold their shape so
while these cook through for a few
minutes turning them every so often we
can put our pizza bread into the toaster
to warm those through and then we can
serve the whole office and dips where we
have flat fall ready awesome so there we
go some pizza that's nice and warm
now you can step that up on one side of
our plate mm-hmm we've got a pepper and
tomato dip and a Katsuki dip some fresh
flavors there and then moment of truth
our falafel balls will make a little bit
of a pyramid game here's your stack from
our presentation is everything very much
a little bit like Alfredo Roshi tower
haha because this is a real treat
so there we go some all toasted pizza a
couple of dips and most importantly our
vegan falafel balls
sorted
Wow
I'm rich flavors all nicely cool I want
the spice spice nice warm hmm and the
junk now these are awesome but if you
want to make these at home be that the
burger versions or the sausage versions
please do send us photos to our facebook
page at facebook.com/awlimportantwords
you